[Docs] Add Liger-Kernel usage to SFTTrainer page (#2007)
huggingface/trl: docs/source/sft_trainer.mdx

The saved model is fully compatible with Hugging Face's transformers library. Learn more about unsloth in their [official repository](https://github.com/unslothai/unsloth).

### Increase 20% throughput and reduces 60% memory using Liger-Kernel

> [Liger Kernel](https://github.com/linkedin/Liger-Kernel) is a collection of Triton kernels designed specifically for LLM training. It can effectively increase multi-GPU training throughput by 20% and reduces memory usage by 60%. That way, we can **4x** our context length, as described in the benchmark below. They have implemented Hugging Face Compatible `RMSNorm`, `RoPE`, `SwiGLU`, `CrossEntropy`, `FusedLinearCrossEntropy`, and more to come.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Liger Kernel](https://github.com/linkedin/Liger-Kernel) is a collection of Triton kernels designed specifically for LLM training. It can effectively increase multi-GPU training throughput by 20% and reduces memory usage by 60%. That way, we can **4x** our context length, as described in the benchmark below. They have implemented Hugging Face Compatible `RMSNorm`, `RoPE`, `SwiGLU`, `CrossEntropy`, `FusedLinearCrossEntropy`, and more to come. The kernel works out of the box with [Flash Attention](https://github.com/Dao-AILab/flash-attention), [PyTorch FSDP](https://pytorch.org/tutorials/intermediate/FSDP_tutorial.html), and [Microsoft DeepSpeed](https://github.com/microsoft/DeepSpeed).

With great memory reduction, you can potentially turn off cpu_offloading or gradient checkpointing to further boost the performance. 
```

| Speed Up                 | Memory Reduction        |
|--------------------------|-------------------------|
| ![Speed up](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/linkedin/Liger-Kernel/main/docs/images/e2e-tps.png) | ![Memory](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/linkedin/Liger-Kernel/main/docs/images/e2e-memory.png) |

> To use Liger-Kernel in `SFTTrainer`, you can first install Liger-Kernel according to [the official website](https://github.com/linkedin/Liger-Kernel). Once installed, we can use it out-of-the-box with two simple line changes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

1. To use Liger-Kernel in `SFTTrainer`, first install by 

```bash
pip install liger-kernel
```

2. Once installed, set `use_liger` in [SFTConfig](https://github.com/huggingface/trl/blob/850ddcf598984013007d384c6b3e311def2a616e/trl/trainer/sft_config.py#L69). No other changes are needed!

```python

config = SFTConfig(
  use_liger=True
)
```
```

Reviewer: the format of suggestion is broken

> ```diff

Reviewer: this part can be removed

Author: Done.

+ from liger_kernel.transformers import AutoLigerKernelForCausalLM

...

# This AutoModel wrapper class automatically monkey-patches the
# model with the optimized Liger kernels if the model is supported.
+ model = AutoLigerKernelForCausalLM.from_pretrained("path/to/some/model")
- model = AutoModelForCausalLM.from_pretrained("path/to/some/model")
```

> To learn more about Liger-Kernel, visit their [official repository](https://github.com/linkedin/Liger-Kernel/).

Reviewer: keep this
